# Sequential Turn Signal
[中文指南](https://github.com/m-yuhas/sequential_turn_signal/blob/master/doc/读我档案.md)

[Documentación en español](https://github.com/m-yuhas/sequential_turn_signal/blob/master/doc/LÉAME.md)

[Documentation en français](https://github.com/m-yuhas/sequential_turn_signal/blob/master/doc/LISEZ-MOI.md)

## Introduction
On modern vehicles sequential turn signals are rapidly increasing in popularity;
this is a turn signal which is divided into multiple segments that illuminate in
some dynamic pattern when the signal is activated.  While this functionality
comes built in to many modern vehicles, this project seeks to provide a simple
method to introduce this functionality to classic cars without having to replace
the existing turn signal lights.  The software and hardware is configured by
default for a vehicle with three independent rear turn signal lamps on each side
of the vehicle, but can be adapted for other configurations if needed.

If you plan to install this system on your vehicle, please read this entire
guide and understand what tools and skills you will need to complete this
project before beginning.  A high level of automotive and electronics experience
is recommended as this system has not yet been tested in an operating
environment.  Furthermore, it was designed for a specific vehicle and
modifications may be required to use it in another.

Please check the local regulations regarding modifications to vehicles before
starting.  This system will also introduce sequential behavior when the break
lights first illuminate, which may or may not be legal in your jurisdiction.
Additionally please understand the risks to yourself, your vehicle, and those
with whom you share the road.  These include, but are not limited to
electrocution, fire, messing up your vehicle's wiring harness, and ending up
with a vehicle with no working turn signals or break lights.  Proceed at your
own risk.

## Building the System

## Installing the System

## Safety Considerations
